Chen Bufan, are you guilty?
Gather you today
Two things
The first is to stop Chen Bufan's responsibility for external affairs on behalf of the Chen family
The second is that Chen's arranged a wedding
father
Since Chen Bufan dares to divorce General Xia behind your back
Then he dares to take our Chen family on the military road
The marriage of General Xia and Chen Bufan is related to the tribute of the Fuso Mission
Indicate that this matter should not be mentioned at all
socket
Dad is right
Grandpa
Qiang Bufan privately led a village woman
This loss is not just the face of our Chen family.
It can even be said that the face of the entire Great Xia is lost
How can such a person represent the Chen family?
As the eldest young master of the Chen family
So irresponsible about marriage
You are so wrong
The Chen family doesn't need such a leader
What is this?
I also know that Chen Anshao is the only one who can be someone else
Although Chen Daoshao is not useless
But he is physically disabled
To be a foreign affairs brick and mortar store
Well, that's a deal.
In the future, our family will host the outside world
There are Chengnan men
I object.